  Chiron pushes quality of training to learn as the world champions. . * Manufacturing. * Machines. * Tools. * Automation. * Taxes, drive. * Robotics, assembly automation. * Peripherals. * Quality assurance. * Software. * Plants, procedures. * Events. * Medical Colloquium CHIRON Group. * Event archive. * Calendar. * Service. * Webinars. * White paper. * Company directory. * Jobs. * industry. En. * additive. * Automation practice. * Automotive construction. * Procurement up-to-date. * CPP. * EPP. * EPP europe. * industry. En. * Industry scoreboard. * KEM construction. * medicine & technology. * Process technology online. * Quality Engineering. * Safety engineer/safety officer. * we automatizer. En. * Newsletter. * Corona crisis. * Additive manufacturing. * Industry 4. 0. * Mobility. * Basics clamping technology. * Machine financing. * Topics A-Z. . Home »News »» . Learn like the world champions. ==================================. . Even in times of crisis, Chiron promotes training in CNC frisen. Picture: Chiron. . Display. . The machine tool manufacturer Chiron also promotes trainees from all over Germany in times of crisis in the preparations for the national and international professional competition in CNC frisen. Chiron is currently taking part in the qualification competitions for the German Championship, Worldskills Germany. The two best will compete in the final in the autumn. The Tuttlinger specialists for CNC machining are among the founding members of Worldskills Germany and are the main sponsor of the German Championships in CNC Fressen, which are held every two years in September at the leading trade fair for metal processing AMB in Stuttgart. After the cancellation of the fair, Chiron will host the German Championship for the first time in its own factory in October. . In April, despite all the adversity, preparations for the German championship began. Instead of a presentation event, the team at Chiron, led by training manager and Worldskills Germany expert Herbert Mattes, organised a virtual training course for a total of three days for the 24 participants from German companies. . The first pre-competition took place in June. The task of the participants was to program and then process two different raw parts made of steel in small groups in predetermined times. The work pieces created by the trainees were then electronically measured and evaluated on coordinate-controlled measuring machines. . In July, the second preliminary competition will follow, in which work pieces are made of aluminium. The two best will then compete in the final in the autumn. The CNC specialist has scheduled a total of two weeks for the national final selection under the currently difficult conditions. As in the pre-competitions, the participants should also work in small groups in the final. Not only for the winner, but for the three best, there is the chance to continue training afterwards and compete with the international competition at the 2021 European Championships in Graz or the 2021 World Championships in Shanghai. . In the past, the Chiron trainees have always been very successful in national and international comparisons. Chiron looks back at a total of six German champions, a silver medallist at the Euroskills and places 6, 8, 11 and 13 at the Worldskills. . Training manager Herbert Mattes and his team accompany the participants when it comes to international championships: "The training is a mainstay in our company. On the way to becoming experts, our trainees and students benefit from the always very high Chiron standards. In this way, we are able to optimally promote talent. . . The high quality of training has been awarded repeatedly on a number of occasions. According to a recent study by Deutschland Test and Focus Money, Chiron is one of the best training companies in Germany for the third time in a row. Whether industrial mechatronics technician, electronics technician for automation technology, machining mechanic, technical product designer, dual study studies or much more: For 2021, the machine tool manufacturer still offers free training places, which must now be secured. . Chiron-Werke GmbH & Co. KG. . Cross Road 75. . D-78532 Tuttlingen. . Phone: +49 (0) 7461/940€€0. . E-mail: info(at)chiron. En. . Internet: https://chiron. En. . Share:. . * Facebook. * Twitter. * Pinterest. * LinkedIn. * Print. . Back to the home page. . You might also be interested in that. . mav-online. En. . Lukas Weié wins the final at Chiron in Tuttlingen. . German champion in CNC fris. . mav-online. En. . German champions in filming and fings will be able to ticket to Sao Paulo. . Best junior cutters. . Industry. En. . Vocational training. . German national team is at the European Championships. . industry scoreboard. En. . Professional championships: CNC turning and frating at the AMB. . Competition provides impetus for companies. . Mechanical engineer sees itself in a strategicand financially well-positioned position. . DMG Mori can limit the return process in the crisis year. . New "Green Building" in Renningen. . Digitization of the Sandvik Coromant Center. . Display. . Markus Horn, ECTA President. . "The Corona Pandemic hit everyone in 2020." Display. . Current issue. . Output. 12-2020. . Read. . Subscription. . Newsletter. . Subscribe to our newsletter now. . Journal additive. . Trends. . Current developments in machining. . All webinars & webcasts. . Webinars of all our industrial sites. . All white papers. . White paper of all our industry pages. . Display. . Display.... Industry. en Infoservice. . Thank you for your order! . You will receive a confirmation by e-mail in your first place. . **Chosen by you:**. . Need more information? . Simply select new documents . and lastly enter address. . How does the industry work? en Infoservice? . To the help page . . . . **Your address:** . Mrs . . . . . . . Position Company Management 1. Management level (leadership) 2. Management level (leadership) 3. Management level (team management/budget manager) Assistant staff, specialists, specialists, students, trainees. Function Business Leadership Industry / Occupational Safety Industry / Construction Industry / Purchasing, Procurement, Import Industry / Research & Development Industry / Research & Development / Application Technology Industry / Research & Development / Products Industry / Building Management Industry / Building Management / Equipment Industry / Building Management / Safety Industry / Intralogistics Industry / Construction Industry / Laboratory Industry / Laboratory / Laboratory / Automation Industry / Warehouse Industry / Production Industry / Production / Work Preparation Industry / Production / Manufacturing Industry / Production / Planning Industry / Project Management Industry / Quality Management Industry / Environmental Protection Industry / Sales Industry / Sales Engineers Industry / Maintenance Industry / Workshop Marketing, Advertising Product Management . . . . Other- Egypt Albania Angola Australia Belgium Brazil Bulgaria China Germany Dominika. Republic of Denmark Finland France Greece Great Britain Haiti India Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Canada Congo Croatia Lebanon Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Morocco Mauritania Netherlands Norway Austria Philippines Poland Portugal Romania Sweden Switzerland Slovenia Somalia Spain Sri Lanka Stateless Sudan Czech Republic Tunisia Turkey Hungary United States of America Venezuela Vietnam Zaire . . . . Konradin Verlag Robert Kohlhammer GmbH collects, processes and uses the data that the user collects when registering with the industry. en Infoservice is voluntarily available for the purpose of determining this obligation of use. The user thus has access to the documents of the industry. en Infoservice. . I have read the Terms and Conditions and i agree. . Yes, I agree that Konradin-Verlag Robert Kohlhammer GmbH and its affiliated companies (Konradin Medien GmbH, Konradin Business GmbH, Konradin Selection GmbH, Konradin Mediengruppe GmbH, Dr. Curt Haefner Verlag GmbH, MMCD NEW MEDIA GmbH, Visions Verlag GmbH, Dialog GmbH) Send specialist information from the editorial offices, invitations to trade fairs, as well as information and offers for the purpose of advertising by e-mail and post or contact me by telephone. . I also agree that my entered data will be passed on to those companies that provide documents requested by me and that they will provide me with further information about their products and services by e-mail and post or by telephone. . I can give my consent at any time with effect for the future against Konradin by e-mail to data protection online@konradin. as well as against the other companies by post, fax or e-mail.