 Hermle USA invests 3 million US dollars in the expansion of the US headquarters, machine factory Berthold Hermle AG, press release - PresseBox . . press release. . Press release boxID:1033170 (machine factory Berthold Hermle AG). . **Machine factory Berthold Hermle AG** . Industrial Road 8-12 . 78559 Gosheim, de . **http://www. Hermle. de**. . **Contact** . Udo Hipp . +49 (7426) 95-0 . . Hermle USA is investing USD 3 million in the expansion of its US headquarters. =================================================================================. . Subscribe to news contact publishers. . even better support for the North American market. --------------------------------------------------------------------. . (PressBox) ( Milwaukee, WI, 19. 11. 20 ). . Hermle USA, Inc. announced the completion of the three-million-dollar project to expand the building. The size of the North American headquarters in Franklin, Wisconsin has been doubled and the existing building renovated. The expansion is a clear sign of the German machine tool manufacturer to expand the presence in North America in order to better support the growing customer base. . . . "With the expansion of our US subsidiary, we can further optimize our customer service in the North American market," says Benedikt Hermle, Member of the Board of Management of Maschinenfabrik Berthold Hermle AG. "We are proud that we are now able to support our North American customers even better in producing their high-quality products in America. " . . The addition of approx. 700 additional square meters of area will enable Hermle to further expand and optimize the North American activities. New additions include a state-of-the-art technology and innovation center, its own teaching and training area, additional warehouse areas with logistics centers, and the "stay time" USA, a tailor-made customer hospitality area. . . . "This investment allows us to work with our customers and partners to develop processes for their applications. In addition, we are now even better able to demonstrate the software tools developed by Hermle that increase the efficiency of our customers, says Gunther Schnitzer, Co-President and Chief Technology Officer of Hermle USA. "We look forward to inviting our customers to the completely renovated Technology and Innovation Center, which offers space for up to eight machining centers including automation solutions, and to respond to their customers. . . . The new bearing areas create a larger, permanently assigned area for the storage of spare parts and accessories. This allows Hermle's support team to be able to ship the necessary parts even faster to customers across North America. . . . In this expansion project, Hermle has also failed to oversee its mission to reduce the shortage of skilled workers in the region. A state-of-the-art training area was added to enable trainees and service technicians to undertake extensive and practice-oriented training. The company is a major partner in the ICATT training program, which was established by the German-American Chamber of Commerce of the Midwest. This is a dual training programme based on the German model. . . . "The Hermle brand, which stands for exceptional quality in machines and for a very competent team, has steadily increased in popularity in the North American market over the last 10 years," says Manuel Merkt, Co-President and Chief Operations Officer. "Even in the most difficult times of our society and economy, we continue to invest in tomorrow to provide added value to our North American customers. This investment allows us as a Hermle brand and team to continue to grow and be there for our customers here in North America. . . Machine factory Berthold Hermle AG. ==================================. . Hermle USA Inc., headquartered in Franklin, WI, is the North American headquarters of Berthold Hermle AG, Gosheim. Since 1987, Hermle USA Inc. . highly advanced machinery, manufacturing solutions, application support, customer training and service for manufacturing companies from a wide range of industries in North America. . You might also be interested in that. ==================================. . * 07. 04. 2020. * Mechanical engineering. . Handling system HS flex heavy - the Hermle automation solution with up to 1200 kg transport weight. ================================================================================================. . * 07. 11. 2019. * Other. . The machine factory Berthold Hermle AG is investing 15 million euros in a new, state-of-the-art sheet metal production facility at the Zimmer site or .500 ===================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================================== . * 15. 10. 2019. * Other. . If it has to go especially fast again!. ================================================. . For more information on the subject of "Machine construction". ================================================================= . Evolution instead of disruption. ==========================. . When it comes to better use of data for business, the focus is often on the presentation of disruptive business processes and the fifth of new business models. But even without such quantum products, new tools can bring a lot of benefits. This is illustrated by the example of Siemens Energy. Continue reading. . For the press releases above, the displayed event or job offer as well as for the displayed image and sound material, only the given publisher is responsible (see company info by clicking on picture/message title or company info right column). As a rule, he is also the author of the press texts as well as the corresponding image, sound and information materials. . The use of information published here for self-information and editorial processing is usually free of charge. Please check copyright questions with the specified publisher before re-using them. If it is made public, please send a copy of the receipt to service@pressebox. En. . Company address. ===============. . Machine factory Berthold Hermle AG. ----------------------------------. . * Industrial road 8-12 78559 Gosheim, en. * +49 (7426) 95-6240. * . * http://www. Hermle. En. . To the newsroom. . Whipper. =============. . * hermle usa. * hermle. * North America. * Machine tools. * Processing centers. * Automation. . Infolinks. =========. . * Hermle USA. . Categories. ==========. . * Mechanical engineering. * Other. . Contact. ===============. . * **Udo Hipp**. * Head of Marketing. * +49 (7426) 95-0. * . . * all contact persons. . Social media accounts. ===================. . * Hermle Berthold AG. * Machine factory-Berthold-Hermle-AG. * Machine factory Berthold Hermle AG. * Berthold Hermle AG. . Press release. ================. . * Download ZIP file. * Print. * Recommend. * Observe. * Retrieve QR code. . ×. . Share preview. . You can share the following preview link with others. Please note the following notes:. . * The link is available for 48 hours, after which no call to the preview is possible. * The preview shows the status of the editing **at this time**. * If you make further changes to the press release after creating the preview link, they will not automatically be added to the preview**. * In this case, however, you can simply create a new preview link and share it. . ×. . QR code. . What is the QR code?. . 3 steps: Scanning a QR code: The guide to your press release - without typing! With the help of the QR codes, which are shown on the print version of each press release, you can always find your mobile phone on the corresponding online page of the PresseBox - without typing the URL at the time. . But how does scanning this QR code work? - Our graphic shows the three simple steps. . All you need is an internet-enabled mobile phone or smartphone with built-in camera and QR code reading software. . QR stands for Quick Response - with one step you can quickly get to a website. QR codes work like dash codes, which you can find on your milk tray, for example. A software decrypts the QR code and takes you directly to a website - so you don't even need to know the Internet address to reach it. . ×. . Observe press releases. . Excuse me, but to watch a press release you may need to be logged in. . Register your login free of charge. . ×. . Press release Hermle USA is investing USD 3 million in the expansion of its U.S. headquarters. . ×. . Download and print digital press kit now. . Please send me the following information to my e-mail address:. . You will receive our press mail with information about new press releases every day. Please confirm your e-mail address. . ×. . Contact. . Thank you for your interest. In order for your message to be delivered correctly, please select one of the following: . Message to publisher. . Message to PresseBox. . ×. . Title. . Description. . Copyright. . Publisher. . For the press releases above, the displayed event or job offer as well as for the displayed image and sound material, only the given publisher is responsible (see company info by clicking on picture/message title or company info right column). As a rule, he is also the author of the press texts as well as the corresponding image, sound and information materials. . The use of information published here for self-information and editorial processing is usually free of charge. Please check copyright questions with the specified publisher before re-using them. If it is made public, please send a copy of the receipt to service@pressebox. En. . To the video user rights. . ×. . Filename. . Description. . Copyright. . Publisher. . For the press releases above, the displayed event or job offer as well as for the displayed image and sound material, only the given publisher is responsible (see company info by clicking on picture/message title or company info right column). As a rule, he is also the author of the press texts as well as the corresponding image, sound and information materials. . The use of information published here for self-information and editorial processing is usually free of charge. Please check copyright questions with the specified publisher before re-using them. If it is made public, please send a copy of the receipt to service@pressebox. En. . Download user rights now