 Chiron Group adopts Mecatis and expands its product range . . * Newsletter. * White paper. * Webinars. . * Newsletter. * White paper. * Webinars. . * . * Scene. * Construction. * Manufacturing. * Management. * Regulatory Affairs. * E-Health. * Research. * Services. * Booklet archive. * Picture galleries. * Company jobs. * Videos. * Companies. * Seminars. . * . * Scene. . Current additions from "Scene". . . Current additions from "Construction". . . Current additions from "Manufacturing". . . Current additions from "Management". . . Current additions from "Regulatory Affairs" . . . Current additions from "E-Health". . . Current additions from "Research". . . * Booklet archive. * Picture galleries. * Company jobs. * Videos. * Companies. . * Seminars. . Login. . Chiron Chiron Group adopts Mecatis and expands its product range. ------------------------------------------------------------------------. . 13. 08. 2020Editor: Julia Engelke. . As of August 1, 2020, the Chiron Group has taken over Mecatis SA, which is based in Isa©rables (CH/Wallis). Mecatis is a specialist for small, high-precision machining centers used in the watch and jewelry industry, medical technology and precision engineering. . Companies on the topic. . Chiron-Werke GmbH & Co. KG. . Neutrik Vertriebs GmbH. . oxaion gmbh. . Wirthwein Medical GmbH & Co. KG. . The Micro 5: a compact 5-axis machining center for high-speed machining of microtechnical components. . (Image: Chiron). . * **Mecatis builds and maintains machining centers for high-speed machining of microtechnical components**. . * **Chiron strengthens the range of services for the manufacturing and medical technology industries** with the machining centers. . Mecatis, founded in 2007, designs, builds and maintains machining centers for high-speed machining of microtechnical components. The highlight of the product range under the brand "Factory 5" is the Micro 5 €" presented in 2017, a compact machining center with 4 or 5 axes, which customers use for fast and precise production of various components. The marketing of all Factory 5 products is consistently digitally carried out via the platform www. factory5. Tech. . Both partners benefit from the takeover: From now on, The Chiron Group distributes Factory 5 machining centers worldwide. The entire service network of the Group is also available as a contact for Factory 5 customers. On the other hand, the Chiron Group is expanding its technology base with the takeover. The high-performance machining centers of Factory 5 perfectly add to the Chiron product range below the 08 series. With them, we strengthen our offer for the industries of precision and medical technology. In this way, we can now perfectly meet the wishes of many customers for compact, highly dynamic machines for small components. Dr. Claus Eppler, R&D istr&D at Chiron, explains. . With the takeover, the Chiron Group is now present in ten countries outside Germany with its own companies. All Mecatis employees will be transferred to the future Chiron Swiss SA, and will continue to look after the products of the Factory 5 brand. The company will be managed by Samuel Vuadens, who has since been the owner and CEO. . Read also. . . Further articles on the leadership of medical technology companies can be found in our topic topic Management. . (Id:46804086). . Continuing content