 Tuttlingen: Tuttlingen mechanical engineer Chiron wants to cut "significant" jobs | SOUTH KURIER Online . . We will give you this article. . 2019: Chiron Future Factory in Neuhausen – one of the most modern in Europe. | Picture: Chiron. . We will give you this article. . * Facebook. * WhatsApp. * Email. * Print. . * Remember. . by Walther Rosenberger. . The crisis in the automotive sector is increasingly hitting mechanical engineering and suppliers. As the machine tool manufacturer Chiron from Tuttlingen announced on Tuesday, the employment level is expected to be "significantly reduced" for the current year. A Chiron spokesman declined to comment on details, such as the number of posts to be deleted. As things stand now, this does not exclude company-related redundancies. . The works council does not wish to comment. ----------------------------------. . However, these are not an option until the end of 2022, at least at the Tuttlingen headquarters, due to an enterprise agreement. The works council and IG-Metall could not be reached for comment. . You might also be interested in that. . Chiron manufactures complex metalworking machines, such as milling machines, and employs around 2,100 people worldwide, including around 1070 in Tuttlingen and neighbouring Neuhausen, where the company only last autumn reached a state-of-the-art factory for the construction of high-tech milling machines for the automotive industry. . VDMA: Nearly a fifth of mechanical engineers are cutting jobs. -------------------------------------------------------. . With the crisis in the automotive industry and the impact of the Corona pandemic in the aviation industry, "rebalancing the Chiron Group is essential," said Chiron Managing Director Vanessa Hellwing. "This decision was not easy for us. But we must act now to secure the future and lead the group out of the crisis stronger," she said. . The aim is to keep Chiron capable of acting in the short term and to create competitive advantages in the medium term in order to secure as many jobs as possible. Chiron is one hundred percent owned by the Düsseldorf industrial families Hoberg and Driesch. Chiron expects sales to fall by 30 to 35 percent in 2020 compared to 2019. Future technology: Chiron metal 3D printer. | Picture: Chiron. . Chiron thus joins an ever-growing number of machine builders who are separating from personnel. A recent survey by the trade association VDMA found that 17 percent of companies nationwide have already laid off staff and do not shy away from cuts in the core workforce. In the Southwest, 74 percent of companies have registered short-time work – far more than the national average. . Do hundreds have to move to keep jobs?. ----------------------------------------------. . The south-west is hit particularly hard, because above-average numbers of companies depend on the automobile. Especially for machine tool manufacturers, which account for about half of all mechanical engineering sales in Baden-Württemberg, the dependence on the automobile is extreme. The milling, honing, bending or turning specialists with Daimler, VW, BMW and Co. make almost 50 percent of their revenues. At Chiron, dependence is even higher, with around 60 percent of sales. The aim of the group's restructuring is therefore to strengthen other business areas, such as medical technology or 3D printing, according to Chiron. . Part of the conversion is also the sale of Scherer GmbH, based in Alzenau, with 163 employees, which specialises in lathes. Production from the 380-employee site in Schlierbach near Göppingen is to be withdrawn and relocated to Neuhausen near Tuttlingen. The Chiron spokesman left open the question of how many employees are affected and may have to move to keep their jobs. . More on the subject. . * Coronavirus in the region. . Updated 17. August 2020, 01:10 in the Department of Economics. . Remember. . Remember. . Remember. . Remember. . Remember. . Subscribers only. . by Walther Rosenberger. . Remember. . by Walther Rosenberger. . Remember. . by Mirjam Moll. . Remember. . That is not the end. On our homepage you will find everything. which is important at the time. . To the start page. . * notifications-_active. * notifications-_paused. * notifications-_off. . Ho Narro and Narri Narro!. . Only for a short time. . Close. . Now a year read everything for 79 € instead of 119.88 €. . On our news page and in the news app you are always well informed. . Discover offers