  Machine factory Berthold Hermle AG: Hermle with a pick-up in demand in the third quarter of 2020; Nine-month figures for Covid-19 pandemic well below previous year; Forecast for the full year slightly raised - dgap. En. . MyWatchlist Login | Contact. . * Real-time messages. * Prices & Charts. * Business center. * Research. * Advanced search. * MyWatchlist. * The DGAP. . * All. * Ad hoc announcements. * Further company announcements. * Takeover offers. * Directors' Dealings. * Voting rights. * Total voting rights. * HV announcements. * Pre-publication financial reports. * Other capital market information. * Related Party Transactions. * UK Regulatory. * International news. . Machine factory Berthold Hermle AG. ----------------------------------. . * **WKN:** 605283. * **ISIN:** DE0006052830. * **Country:** Germany. . Note from 12/11/2020 | 09:27. --------------------------------. . Machine factory Berthold Hermle AG: Hermle with a pick-up in demand in the third quarter of 2020; Nine-month figures for Covid-19 pandemic well below previous year; forecast for the full year slightly increased. ==========================================================================================================================================================================================================. . Machine factory Berthold Hermle AG / Keyword(s): 9-month figures/forecast . Machine factory Berthold Hermle AG: Hermle with a pick-up in demand in the third quarter of 2020; Nine-month figures for Covid-19 pandemic well below previous year; Forecast for the full year slightly raised . . 12. 11. 2020 / 09:27 CET/CEST . Publication of inside information in accordance with Article 17 of Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014, provided by DGAP - a service of EQS Group AG. . The issuer/publisher is responsible for the content of the communication. . . . * * *. . **Hermle with a pick-up in demand in the third quarter of 2020 . Nine-month figures for Covid-19 pandemic well below previous year. Forecast for the full year slightly raised**. . _Gosheim, November 12, 2020_ - At Maschinenfabrik Berthold Hermle AG, demand picked up in the third quarter of 2020 after the corona-related sharp slump in the first half of the year: From July to September 2020, the order intake of the Siberian machine tool manufacturer was more than in the second quarter. Cumulativeover the first nine months of 2020, however, the Hermle Group's **order intake** decreased by 45.5% compared to the same period of the previous year to EUR 177.0 million (previous year: EUR 324.5 million). Of this amount, EUR 66.1 million was attributable to domestic (previous year: EUR 124.5 million) and EUR 110.9 million to foreign countries (previous year: EUR 200.0 million). The **Order backlog** amounted to EUR 62.6 million throughout the Group as of September 30, 2020. This was 37.0% below the level of the end of 2019 (31 December 2019: EUR 99.3 million), but 8.3% above the level as at 30 June 2020 (June 30, 2020: EUR 57.8 million). . In the first three quarters of 2020, the **Group sales** of the technology manager at 5-axis machining centers decreased by 36.1% compared to the corresponding period of the previous year to EUR 213.6 million (previous year: EUR 334.3 million). In Germany, Hermle recorded a business volume of EUR 80.7 million (previous year: EUR 150.4 million) and abroad of EUR 132.9 million (previous year: EUR 183.9 million). This results in an export ratio of 62.2% (previous year: 55.0%). **Operating profit** decreased disproportionately to sales in the first nine months of 2020. However, due to its high flexibility, Hermle was also able to achieve a positive operating result in the third quarter and a solid sales margin compared to the industry, despite the corona-related sales slumps. . The financial and financial situation of the company remained very robust in the reporting period: On 30 September 2020, Hermle had a Group-wide ratio of 75.3% (31 December 2019: 72.3%). **Investments** in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets amounted to EUR 14.0 million in the first nine months of 2020 (previous year: EUR 7.6 million). In addition to the already completed expansion of the branch in the important US market, the focus was on a new building and technical equipment for sheet metal production at the second German production site in Zimmern. The move to the state-of-the-art sheet metal production took place at the beginning of the fourth quarter. . As of September 30, 2020, Hermle employed 1,312 **employees** across the Group after 1,313 people a year earlier. Due to the Corona crisis, vacancies were not filled if possible. At the same time, the company took over all trainees with successful degrees and hired new apprentices and factory students, so that their number increased from 104 to 117 junior students in the cut-off date. In doing so, Hermle is fulfilling its responsibilities towards young people, even in difficult economic environments. . The slight pick-up in demand in the third quarter, which lasted until October, is expected to improve slightly better than expected in the **full year 2020**. From today's point of view, the company can limit the return on sales to around 40% compared to the previous year, with the result being disproportionately reduced. Up to now, sales have been expected to decline by around 50% and result to be disproportionately recorded. . The moderate recovery in demand was not only due to spare parts and service business, but also to the new machinery sector. However, the recovery is not reflected in some customer sectors, while the crisis in other industries, such as aircraft construction, will continue in 2021. The effects of the corona pandemic will therefore continue to be felt at Hermle in the coming year. In addition, given the current increase in Covid-19 infection rates in many regions, there are no very high risks for the entire economic environment. It is still unclear how the Covid-19 pandemic will develop in the coming months, what countermeasures are still being taken in the various countries and how effective they are. . Machinery factory Berthold Hermle AG . Mr Beck . Board. . * * *. . Information and explanations of the issuer on this notice: . . The machine factory Berthold Hermle AG ranks among the world's leading manufacturers of floss machines and machining centers. In 2019, the company generated group-wide sales of EUR 463.1 million and operating profit of EUR 114.2 million. Hermle machine tools are used in high-tech industries such as tool and mould making, medical technology, optical industry, energy technology, aerospace, automotive and motorsport industries as well as their suppliers due to their high quality and precision. Hermle shares are traded in the regulated market of the Stuttgart and Frankfurt am Main markets. . Media Contact: Editorial Office, Gabriele Rechinger, T 0911 95 97 870, E-Mail: info@tik-online. En. Photo: Maschinenfabrik Berthold Hermle AG, Udo Hipp, T 07426 95 6238, E-Mail: udo. hipp@hermle. En. . * * *. . 12. 11. 2020 CET/CEST The DGAP distribution services include statutory reporting requirements, corporate news/financial news and press releases. . Media archive under http://www. Dgap. En. . * * *. . Language:. . German. . Company:. . Machine factory Berthold Hermle AG. . Industrial road 8-12. . 78559 Gosheim. . Germany. . Phone:. . 07426-950. . Fax:. . 07426-951012. . E‑mail:. . info@hermle. En. . Internet:. . Www. Hermle. En. . Isin:. . DE0006052830. . Wkn:. . 605283. . Bersen:. . Regulated market in Frankfurt (General Standard), Stuttgart; Over-the-go in Berlin, Dasseldorf. . EQS News ID:. . 1147558. . . . . . End of communication. . DGAP News Service. . Price chart. ---------. . View course details. . Interactive. ----------. . * More company details. * Receive news by e-mail. * Recommend news. * Print news. . DGAP Watchlist. --------------. . for registration. . Overview indexes. ------------------. . other indices. . More news. ------------. . * **14. 01. 21 16:49** . Machine factory Berthold Hermle AG: Pre-bekan . * **14. 01. 21 16:39** . Machine factory Berthold Hermle AG: Pre-bekan . * **12. 11. 20 09:27** . Machine factory Berthold Hermle AG: Hermle with . * **31. 08. 20 08:31** . Machine factory Berthold Hermle AG: Hermle in the . * **19. 05. 20 15:06** . Machine factory Berthold Hermle Aktiengesellsc . . View more news. . GBC focus box. ------------. . The real estate boom has unfortunately passed by private properties. **. . GECCI Investment KG is in the issuance phase of a 5.75% corporate bond with a volume of up to 8 million USD' . The business model of the GECCI Group is the realization of single- and multi-family houses and their transfer within the framework of the self-developed rental appropriation. As early as November 2020, GBC AG rated the attractiveness of the security at 4 out of 5 GBC hawks as part of a credit research study. GBC analyst Cosmin Filker spoke to GECCI CEO Gerald Evans. . . . To the interview. . <iframe name="wai-_ads-_frame" src="http://www. wai. en/crossbox/live-_crossboxes/rotating-_1529.asp?pid=3f05481fe9145392" marginwidth="0" marginheight="0" vspace="0" hspace="0" frameborder src frameborder="0" height="176" scrolling="no" width="239"></iframe>. . The ACTION"R News. ------------------. . 14\. February 18:52 Harald Schmidt: "Da for we have the brérse". . 14\. February 15:00 E-Mobility Battery Index: The voltage rises. . 14\. February 12:27 Aurelius in focus: "We see larger transactions in 2021". . 14\. February 09:50 bang from Lanxess. . 14\. February 08:20 New Week "New Records at DAX and Co? Wall Street is on the up. . Current webcast. -----------------. . HENSOLDT AG. . FY 2020 prelim. Results. . 24\. February 2021. . to the webcast. . Current research study. ------------------------. . SBF AG. . Original Research: SBF AG (from Montega AG): Buy. . 11\. February 2021. . to the research study. . DGAP is a service of EQS Group AG. . Twitter | Imprint | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Cookie policy