  Machine factory Berthold Hermle AG: Hermle burdened by Corona pandemic in the first half of 2020 - dgap. En. . MyWatchlist Login | Contact. . * Real-time messages. * Prices & Charts. * Business center. * Research. * Advanced search. * MyWatchlist. * The DGAP. . * All. * Ad hoc announcements. * Further company announcements. * Takeover offers. * Directors' Dealings. * Voting rights. * Total voting rights. * HV announcements. * Pre-publication financial reports. * Other capital market information. * Related Party Transactions. * UK Regulatory. * International news. . Machine factory Berthold Hermle AG. ----------------------------------. . * **WKN:** 605283. * **ISIN:** DE0006052830. * **Country:** Germany. . Note from 31. 08. 2020 | 08:31. --------------------------------. . Machine factory Berthold Hermle AG: Hermle burdened by Corona pandemic in the first half of 2020. ===============================================================================================. . DGAP-News: Maschinenfabrik Berthold Hermle AG / Keyword(s): Half-year results . 31. 08. 2020 / 08:31 . For the content of the communication, the issuer / publisher is responsible. . . **Hermle charged by Corona pandemic in the first half of 2020. Order intake, sales and earnings significantly higher . High flexibility ensures solid double-digit gross sales margin. Good starting point to achieve forecast and** . **to get back to full recovery after the crisis**. . _Gosheim, August 31, 2020_ - At Maschinenfabrik Berthold Hermle AG, the effects of the Covid 19 pandemic in the first half of 2020 were significantly reduced. Due to the high level of demand due to the coronary factors, the **order intake** of the swedish machine tool manufacturer fell by 45.5% in the first six months compared to the same period of the previous year to EUR 119.4 million (previous year: EUR 218.9 million). The company received new orders from abroad worth EUR 75.3 million (previous year: EUR 129.7 million) and from Germany of EUR 44.1 million (previous year: EUR 89.2 million). On June 30, 2020, Hermle had a Group-wide order backlog of EUR 57.8 million, compared with EUR 99.3 million at the end of 2019. In the first half of 2020, Hermle-**Group sales** decreased by 30.6% to EUR 160.9 million (previous year: EUR 231.7 million). Of this amount, EUR 98.0 million (previous year: EUR 125.3 million) was attributable to foreign countries and EUR 62.9 million (previous year: EUR 106.4 million) to domestic countries. The export rate increased from 54.1% to 60.9%. During the previous peak of the Corona crisis in April and May, not only the new machinery but also the service and spare parts business was strongly affected. In this area, the technology manager for 5-axis machining centers experienced a general recovery in some countries towards the end of the reporting period. . Thanks to the concept of the breathing company, Hermle can implement far-reaching capacite adjustments and react very flexibly to fluctuations in capacity utilization to a certain extent. As a result, the earnings situation in the reporting period was significantly burdened by corona-related sales revenues, but remained solid. From January to June 2020, the Group's operating profit** amounted to EUR 29.8 million (previous year: EUR 50.7 million) and earnings from the company's business to EUR 29.9 million (previous year: EUR 50.6 million). This results in a **gross sales margin** of 18.6% (previous year: 21.8%). After taxes, a net profit for the period of EUR 21.5 million was reported (previous year: EUR 37.3 million). . The **Conditions and financial situation** also remained solid in the first half of the year: as of 30. On June 1, 2020, Hermle had cash and cash equivalents across the Group at a rate of EUR 130.5 million (December 31, 2019: EUR 107.5 million) and an equity ratio of 75.8% (December 31, 2019: 72.3%). Operating cash flow in the first half of 2020 amounted to EUR 26.6 million (previous year: EUR 42.5 million). . **Investments** in property, plant and equipment and intangible assets rose to EUR 9.2 million in the reporting period (previous year: EUR 4.5 million). They mainly concerned two major construction projects, which had already begun in 2019: On the one hand, due to the limited areas at the company headquarters, Hermle is building another production facility at the second production site in Zimmer, which is expected to be completed in the current year and will be used for sheet metal production. On the other hand, the capacitances for the technology and training center as well as the spare parts warehouse at the US site Franklin/Wisconsin have been expanded. The two strategically important projects were already so advanced at the beginning of the Covid 19 pandemic that it made sense to continue them despite the crisis. Other investment measures have been or are largely stopped. . As of June 30, 2020, Hermle had 1,304 **employees** employees at Hermle, up from 1,319 at the end of 2019. Due to the corona-related demand, vacancies were not filled and flexitime accounts were largely reduced. The number of **trainees** increased from 79 to 94 young people on the cut-off date. . Since the beginning of the third quarter***, Hermle seems to be solidifying the normalization of the service and spare parts business. The low point of demand for new machinery could also be reached in some sectors. Due to the significantly reduced order backlog, longer production pauses with a correspondingly higher earnings load were started in the summer as announced. As it remains unclear how the pandemic will develop, what countermeasures will be needed and how they will have an impact, it remains uncertain whether the current soil formation and partly slight recovery in demand will continue. In addition, the development of the industry varied considerably. While areas such as medical technology may be recovering in the current year, the crisis for other customers such as the aviation industry is expected to continue much longer, so that the impact at Hermle will continue to be reduced in 2021. . For the **Full Year 2020**, Hermle continues to expect group sales to decline by around 50% and operating profit to a disproportionate decline. As the overall development in the first half of the year was slightly better than expected in April, the forecast currently seems to be well hedged, with unchanged major risks, but also the chance of a more favourable development. Irrespective of this, Hermle sees herself well in order to get off to a full start after the crisis. In addition to the very solid financial resources and high flexibility, the basis for this is the further internationalization and the continuous automation and digitization of the offer. . \--- . The machine factory Berthold Hermle AG ranks among the world's leading manufacturers of floss machines and machining centers. In 2019, the company generated group-wide sales of EUR 463.1 million and operating profit of EUR 114.2 million. Hermle machine tools are used in high-tech industries such as tool and mould making, medical technology, optical industry, energy technology, aerospace, automotive and motorsport industries as well as their suppliers due to their high quality and precision. Hermle shares are traded in the regulated market of the Stuttgart and Frankfurt am Main markets. . \--- . Media Contact: Editorial Office, Gabriele Rechinger, . T 0911 95 97 870, e-mail: info@tik-online. En. \--- . Image material: Maschinenfabrik Berthold Hermle AG, Udo Hipp, . T 07426 95 6238, e-mail: udo. hipp@hermle. En. . The full half-year financial statements are available on the Hermle website www. Hermle. en under the heading Investor Relations / Financial Reports / Interim Reports. . . . * * *. . 31. 08. 2020 Publication of a corporate news/financial message, reported by DGAP - a service of EQS Group AG. . The issuer/publisher is responsible for the content of the communication. . . DGAP distribution services include statutory reporting requirements, corporate news/financial news and press releases. . Media archive under http://www. Dgap. En. . * * *. . Language:. . German. . Company:. . Machine factory Berthold Hermle AG. . Industrial road 8-12. . 78559 Gosheim. . Germany. . Phone:. . 07426-950. . Fax:. . 07426-951012. . E‑mail:. . info@hermle. En. . Internet:. . Www. Hermle. En. . Isin:. . DE0006052830. . Wkn:. . 605283. . Bersen:. . Regulated market in Frankfurt (General Standard), Stuttgart; Over-the-go in Berlin, Dasseldorf. . EQS News ID:. . 1124929. . . . . . End of communication. . DGAP News Service. . Price chart. ---------. . View course details. . Interactive. ----------. . * More company details. * Receive news by e-mail. * Recommend news. * Print news. . DGAP Watchlist. --------------. . for registration. . Overview indexes. ------------------. . other indices. . More news. ------------. . * **14. 01. 21 16:49** . Machine factory Berthold Hermle AG: Pre-bekan . * **14. 01. 21 16:39** . Machine factory Berthold Hermle AG: Pre-bekan . * **12. 11. 20 09:27** . Machine factory Berthold Hermle AG: Hermle with . * **31. 08. 20 08:31** . Machine factory Berthold Hermle AG: Hermle in the . * **19. 05. 20 15:06** . Machine factory Berthold Hermle Aktiengesellsc . . View more news. . GBC focus box. ------------. . The real estate boom has unfortunately passed by private properties. **. . GECCI Investment KG is in the issuance phase of a 5.75% corporate bond with a volume of up to 8 million USD' . The business model of the GECCI Group is the realization of single- and multi-family houses and their transfer within the framework of the self-developed rental appropriation. As early as November 2020, GBC AG rated the attractiveness of the security at 4 out of 5 GBC hawks as part of a credit research study. GBC analyst Cosmin Filker spoke to GECCI CEO Gerald Evans. . . . To the interview. . <iframe name="wai-_ads-_frame" src="http://www. wai. en/crossbox/live-_crossboxes/rotating-_1529.asp?pid=3f05481fe9145392" marginwidth="0" marginheight="0" vspace="0" hspace="0" frameborder src frameborder="0" height="176" scrolling="no" width="239"></iframe>. . The ACTION"R News. ------------------. . 14\. February 18:52 Harald Schmidt: "Da for we have the brérse". . 14\. February 15:00 E-Mobility Battery Index: The voltage rises. . 14\. February 12:27 Aurelius in focus: "We see larger transactions in 2021". . 14\. February 09:50 bang from Lanxess. . 14\. February 08:20 New Week "New Records at DAX and Co? Wall Street is on the up. . Current webcast. -----------------. . HENSOLDT AG. . FY 2020 prelim. Results. . 24\. February 2021. . to the webcast. . Current research study. ------------------------. . SBF AG. . Original Research: SBF AG (from Montega AG): Buy. . 11\. February 2021. . to the research study. . DGAP is a service of EQS Group AG. . Twitter | Imprint | Terms and Conditions | Privacy Policy | Cookie policy